 In this story I am taking a weekend break at the Schatzberg Hotel in the remote mountains. It is expensive but they will cater for my terrapin and their towels are always neatly folded.

This year the bar-lounge is crowded with a great number of furtive figures wearing hats made out of tinfoil. At first I fear it is some outing of tinfoil fetishists, who frankly give me the creeps. Then I see one of them glare suspiciously at the waiter and demand to know what he is writing down in his notepad.

I beckon the waiter over and he confirms my surmise.

'It is the annual convention of the Paranoiacs' Society,' he says with a roll of the eyes.

'Those weirdos,' I say indulgently to my terrapin Jetta, stroking her on the nose and telling her not to stare at them.

Without wishing to eavesdrop I chance to hear some of their muttered and whispered remarks:

'Only a fool thinks Norman Wisdom died of natural causes.'

'The Queen of England killed him because he knew she was an alien.'

'Princess Diana was killed because she was the bloodline descendant of Jesus and Mary Magdalene. This is why she had a benevolent disposition and a hot body.'

'A man has invented self-polishing shoes but the beeswax interests have suppressed them.'

'Why is everyone whispering? Is it about me?'

Just then a familiar figure in black clothing and dark glasses appears next to me at the bar. Politely I move Jetta off her stool so that he may sit.

'Hello Roy,' I say. 'What brings you to the Schatzberg Hotel?'

'We of the rock star elite often patronize this establishment,' he replies. 'Its remoteness affords relief from paparazzi and the neatness of its towels is legendary.'

'So.'

While I am mulling over which conversational gambit to deploy next there is a terrible commotion. The foil-hatted conspiracy theorists rise from their tables with a look of outrage and point rudely at Roy Orbison.

'A Man in Black!'

'He has come to spy on us.'

'Seize him.'

'Trepan him roughly to look for alien implants.'

'Make him confess the full extent of the conspiracy.'

'Force him to hand over Tesla's perpetual motion machine and the suppressed final chapter of Edwin Drood.'

The paranoid mob advances on us menacingly. I attempt to remonstrate to no avail. The waiter hurries us out and we flee to the sanctuary of the hotel kitchen and barricade the doors against the maniacs.

The waiter wrings his hands. 'This is worse than last year, when we double-booked them with the Bilderberg Group.'

'What is to be done?' demands Roy. 'I warn you that geometric towels or not this place will not long be the haunt of the haut monde if you allow your guests to be torn limb from limb.'

The hapless waiter can only say that Roy is safe for the moment and that a free basket of fruit will be given him in amend for the outrage. Discreetly I clear my throat.

'There is one thing we might try,' I say.

'Name that thing,' says Roy.

'Obviously we must attempt to blend in with the paranoiacs. We must all don hats of tinfoil too.'

'Very well,' says Roy.

I make to a cupboard and extract a roll of tinfoil. Quickly I fashion hats of tinfoil for the waiter, Jetta and myself.

'Now you, Roy. But hold,' I say musing. 'Even with a tinfoil hat your trademark black clothing and dark glasses would still excite suspicion.'

'It is so,' says Roy. 'Suggest another expedient.'

I stroke my chin, indicating that I am musing some more. 'Perhaps if I was to cover you from head to toe in tinfoil. You would then pass for an exceptionally thorough paranoiac. Not only would your clothing be hidden, but you would be the envy of the conference and the centre of attention in a good way.'

'That would turn the tables with a vengeance,' says Roy. 'Commence to cover me from head to toe in tinfoil at once.'

I strive not to vomit as I contemplate the ridiculous and horrible idea of Roy Orbison being wrapped in tinfoil.

'They are trying to break in!' I cry, pointing at the doors.

Roy and the waiter brace themselves against the barricaded portals.

'I see no-one,' says the waiter after a moment.

'My mistake,' I say. 'Oh no,' I add. 'I have bad news to report.'

They turn to look at me and at the burning roll of tinfoil I am holding.

'Regrettably in the excitement I slipped and fell against the gas cooker, turned it on and set fire to the tinfoil,' I say. 'As you can see it is completely burned, all the roll of it.'

'Ach,' says Roy. 'The fates conspire against us. Now I will be trepanned roughly and interrogated until I say my platonic friend Queen Elizabeth is an alien lizard.'

'Let us not despair yet, Roy.' Once more I stroke my chin musingly. 'Plainly we will have to find some substitute for tinfoil to cover you in. Some other substance, perhaps, that is commonly found in a kitchen. Hmm... I wonder...'

'What do you wonder?' urges Roy.

'It occurs to me that clingfilm, for example, might answer our need,' I say, nonchalantly flicking some lint off Jetta. 'It further occurs to me, now I think of it, that were I to wrap you in it to a depth of many, many layers,' - the nonchalance fails and I quiver somewhat - 'it would acquire a silvery sheen that might just pass for tinfoil at a distance.'

'I bow to the inevitable,' says Roy. 'The links of your logical chain cannot be snapped. Plainly I must be wrapped in clingfilm to a depth of many, many layers immediately.'

'As you command,' I say.

I return to the cupboard. It is admirably well-stocked with clingfilm and fortunately I also happen to have a roll or three about my person in case there is not enough.

I start from the ankles and work my way up. I work quickly but passionately. I must wrap each limb individually so that he is free to move but do it to a depth of many, many layers until the accumulated clingfilm acquires a silvery sheen. He is like some black-clad mannequin being transmogrified into a state of silvery-translucent apotheosis. Soon, Roy Orbison is completely wrapped in clingfilm to a depth of many, many layers. My eyes become flying saucers and swivel like a lunatic's.

I shake the waiter by the lapels. 'He is completely wrapped in clingfilm!' I cry.

Roy makes a muffled noise that may be, 'Now to mingle casually with the maniacs.' We unbar the door and venture out into the hotel.

We get as far as the lobby before we are spotted. The conspiracy theorists point and cry and surround us. Although Roy's black clothing can no longer be made out properly beneath his clingfilm carapace the new disguise proves sadly inadequate.

'Look at that strange silvery-translucent figure!'

'An alien if ever I saw one!'

'Seize him.'

'Dissect him roughly.'

'Make him return Glenn Miller.'

Fortunately just then there is a distraction as Roy's platonic friend the Queen of England walks through the door, doubtless also drawn here by the promise of cloistered privacy and impeccable towels. I point at her in desperation and the mob of paranoids promptly divert their attention to her.

'The arch-conspirator!'

'Seize her.'

'Prove she is an alien.'

'Take her crown and remove her face.'

'Make her admit she killed Jimi Hendrix because she bore his love-child.'

'Force her to say where she was when the Hindenburg crashed.'

They start to lynch the hapless monarch and there is a pitched battle with her security lackeys. In the confusion I bundle Roy into a cupboard.

Two days later cleaning staff find us and tell us the coast is clear.

'You saved my life,' says Roy to me after they unwrap him. 'Here is a voucher that will entitle you to a 15% discount on my new LP.'

I bow my thanks.

'There is just one thing,' says Roy thoughtfully. 'That accident with the tinfoil strikes me as very strange in retrospect.'

'Roy!' I say. 'Do you think I wanted it to happen like that? For what possible reason? Perhaps someone else has become paranoid!'

The dark glasses regard me enigmatically.



In this heartwarming seasonal tale Roy is now my neighbour in Dusseldorf and often pops round to my house to borrow kitchen necessities.

It is Christmas eve and Roy has popped round to enjoy a warming glass of Glühwein and help me affix tinsel to Jetta.

'Ach,' says Roy suddenly, 'I find I have forgotten to obtain a Christmas present for my Mother who is wintering at Baden.'

I sip my Glühwein carefully and remark, 'This will lead to familial tensions and unseasonal strife.'

'It is so,' says Roy.

'You know,' I say thoughtfully. 'It strikes me that the best gift a son can give his mother is himself.'

'What you say has a certain validity yet how are we to dramatize this concept in such a way that my mother will not merely feel gypped out of a present?'

'Perhaps if we were to wrap you in Christmas wrapping paper and convey you to Baden.'

'Also,' says Roy, rising. 'You will wrap me in Christmas wrapping paper and convey me to Baden at once.'

'Regrettably I find we have run out of wrapping paper and the shops have now closed. Logically some substitute will have to be found.'

'Yes, that is logical, but I cannot think what.' Roy looks around the room seeking that in which he may be wrapped.

My mouth is dry. I tickle Jetta's paws idly and say, 'You know, I believe I may have some cling-film in the kitchen.'

'Then the situation is saved. You will wrap me in cling-film and have me stowed beneath my mother's Christmas tree.'

I bow my assent and make to the kitchen. But when I open the cupboard I turn ashen and begin to quiver. For the cupboard is bare. The cling-film has been used, all the rolls of it.

In alarm, I return to the living-room and open the other clingfilm cupboards but it is the same story. I check the cache in my bedroom wardrobe and again there is none. I ransack the entire house from top to bottom. I look for the emergency rolls I keep hidden in the toilet cistern and inside lampshades. Everywhere there is the same horrible dearth of cling-film. My palms sweat. I wish to die.

'Roy,' I say, 'I find I was mistaken. Due to an oversight I have no cling-film in the house. I will not be able to wrap you in it. I am sorry, this has never happened before.'

'Also,' says Roy. 'Perhaps some brown parcel paper?'

'I would rather die than wrap you in brown parcel paper.' I am broken and pitiful.

And then it happens, the seasonal miracle. A cloud of soot billows from the fireplace and he comes down my chimney, that well-known man in red.

'Hello Santa,' I say. 'What are you doing in Dusseldorf?'

'Attending to the distribution of presents,' he says.

'Ah,' I say.

'You have been good this year,' he continues. 'You have been orderly and polite and have kept your shoes neatly arranged.'

I bow courteously. 'Good behaviour is its own reward.'

'Nevertheless I intend to give you a present.'

'May I enquire what?'

Santa Claus opens his sack, revealing dozens of silvery tubes. 'It is many rolls of cling-film.'

'Capital,' says Roy. 'Now you may commence.'

Trembling with anticipation, I take a roll from Santa's sack. I start at the feet and work my way up. I work with the craft and dexterity of an expert shopkeeper wrapping a purchase. Soon, Roy Orbison is completely wrapped in cling-film. I am filled with peace on earth and goodwill to all men. As a seasonal touch I drape him with tinsel.

'He is completely wrapped in Clingfilm,' I say to Santa.

'Ho,' says Santa, stroking his trademark white beard. 'So this is how it is. Is it that you like to wrap him as a present to the world?'

'Who can plumb the mysteries of the human heart?'

'Who indeed? I confess to being envious of him. In my long life I have wrapped many gifts and yet, ironically, I have never been wrapped.'

'Perhaps I might oblige? I have many rolls left.'

'Commence,' says Santa.

I start from his boots and work my way up. It takes a good half a roll to encompass his jolly round belly alone. Soon, Father Christmas is completely wrapped in clingfilm. It is not quite so good as wrapping Roy but it is enjoyable nonetheless and is certainly a feather in my cap.

'Both Father Christmas and Roy Orbison are completely wrapped in clingfilm,' I say to Jetta.

I place Santa next to Roy and stand in between them. With some difficulty I wrap all three of us up together as best I can. We enjoy a quiet but satisfying yuletide until people from the social services come to release us.

God Bless us one and all.

 [This tale was specially commissioned by the 'Zoo Nation' science-fiction fanzine. Hitherto I have kept my tales of Roy in clingfilm strictly within the realms of plausibility but this scenario may be more fantastic than usual. Then again - who can say? - Ulli]


In this fantasy Roy Orbison and I are the pilots of a magnificent rocket ship powering through space.

'Adjust thrusters, Mr. Haarbürste,' says Roy tersely, his calm capable hands adjusting the controls, the stars reflected in his trademark dark glasses.

'At once, mein Kapitan!' The precision-engineered BMW engines send us zooming through the stratosphere and push us back into our upholstered flight-seats.

'Make your report, Lieutenant Jetta.'

The screen wired to the pod where Jetta nestles snugly flickers into life. 'WE ARE LEAVING EARTH'S ATMOSPHERE AND ON COURSE FOR SPACE' says the read-out.

'So?' says Roy. 'Capital.'

The age-old problem of how to navigate the vast distances of deep space had been solved when it was discovered that terrapins had a unique ability to encompass the manifold plications of space and time. I and my terrapin Jetta immediately volunteered for an exploratory voyage. But who was to command this historic mission? The world was unanimous. There was only one man qualified to be mankind's ambassador to the stars: Roy Orbison, icon and enigma. Or as we must now call him, Captain Roy Orbison of the Space Pioneers.

Suddenly Jetta's translator flashes urgently: 'LOOK OUT!'

It is too late. There is a metallic clang and the ship rocks violently.

Roy thumbs the communicator to Earth. 'Dusseldorf, we have a problem,' he says.

'We have been struck by an asteroid,' I report. 'One of the precision-engineered BMW engines has been knocked out of alignment. Unless it can be mended we will die.'

'Suit me up,' says Roy. 'I'm going out there.'

'Captain,' I say nervously, 'you are not going to like this. I am afraid we forgot to bring space-suits on this mission.'

'Ach!' says Roy. 'This is a grave disappointment.'

I clear my throat diffidently. 'There is one thing we might try. As you know I had the foresight to bring many rolls of clingfilm with us for emergencies just such as this.'

'I scoffed at the time but now I perceive you were wise. You will wrap me in cling-film at once.'

I retrieve some cling-film from the Clingfilm Stowage Compartment where several hundred of the translucent rolls of joy glint softly in the cabin lights.

Roy Orbison unbuckles from his seat and floats out into the middle of the cabin, his black clothing billowing about him in the zero gravity like the folds of some black cloth manta ray. 'Commence,' he says.

As I set to work I seem to hear the strains of Strauss's Blue Danube Waltz in my head. As I orbit him weightless it as if we are performing some graceful ballet together. The clingfilm unfurls in languid arcs in the zero gravity and then girdles him gently as I spiral around him. Soon, Captain Roy Orbison of the Space Pioneers is completely wrapped in clingfilm. In all the infinite galaxies there is not a man as happy as I. Tears of wordless joy leak from my ducts and float off like little jewels, crystallised moments of ecstasy, tiny universes of rapture, perfect unto themselves.

'You are completely wrapped in clingfilm, Captain.'

'Also. Let us see about this engine, then.'

I tether him to me with a long umbilicus of clingfilm and Roy floats out of the airlock into space, protected by his airtight cocoon. Quickly he makes the necessary adjustments and we are saved.

'Emergency averted,' says Roy on his return. 'Now, helmsman, take us to the stars.'

'Aye, aye, captain!' I muse for a second. 'Captain,' I say. 'The advanced civilizations we seek - what do you think they will be like?'

'I do not know,' says Roy. 'But one thing is for certain - they will know the value of clingfilm!'

And we laugh heartily and zoom off to infinity side by side.

But suddenly Jetta's screen comes to life again: 'LOOK OUT - TIME WARP!!'

Everything goes strange. It feels as though my internal organs are sucked out through my ears.

And then...

'I scoffed at the time but now I perceive you were wise. You will wrap me in cling-film at once.'

Roy unbuckles from his seat and floats out into the middle of the cabin. 'Commence,' he says.

We have gone back in time and I will have to wrap Roy all over again!

In space, no-one can hear you squeak with pleasure.



Where does reality end and dream begin? Who can tell...

I sit before the television set absorbing the evening news with my terrapin Jetta.

'Also,' says the news announcer, 'tomorrow the famous conceptual artist Christo will visit Dusseldorf to wrap our statue of Prince Jan Wellem in a white sheet.'

'How that man has wasted his life,' I say. 'To be obsessed with wrapping things in white sheets! What could be more pitiful?'

Jetta blinks slowly in agreement.

The announcer continues:

'The famous rock star Mr. Roy Orbison, that well-known man in black, will preside over the installation of the new art work.'

'And yet,' I say musingly, 'who are we to judge? For which of us does not have his own private dreams he would like to act out? Even you, Jetta, in your secret terrapin heart may harbour dreams of wrapping certain things in other things. I believe I will attend Herr Christo's performance after all.'

Jetta merely blinks again. Is there a hint of warning there?

 

*


Comes the morning, and various civic dignitaries and an interested crowd are gathered in the Town Square. Roy Orbison, laconic behind his trademark dark glasses, waits to unveil the statue of Jan Willem so that Christo can then veil it again. I am at the forefront of the crowd with Jetta nestling in my coat and we have had a busy night. Little does anyone suspect what is about to befall.

The crowd grows impatient for the time for the installation has passed some minutes since. Murmurs of discontent at the inefficiency are heard and the hoi-polloi look pointedly at their watches.

'I must speak to the Mayor!' says a breathless flunkey.

'He may do so,' says the Mayor. 'Let him approach me.'

'I have to report that the conceptual artist known as Christo cannot be found! He has not been seen since the early hours of the morning when a man claiming to be delivering a terrapin visited his hotel room.'

'Also!' The Mayor is disconcerted. He eyes the unruly mob who are shuffling their feet and muttering slogans such as 'Time waits for no man.'

I cough diffidently and step forward. 'Perhaps I may be allowed to take Christo's place? I have some small experience with wrapping things.'

'Capital!' says the Mayor. 'Do so.'

'But,' says the flunkey, 'the artist's large white sheets cannot be found either.'

'Ach!' says the Mayor. 'This is a catalogue of errors.'

I cough again. 'If you permit a suggestion. For sundry reasons I happen to have several rolls of Cling-film on my person. Perhaps they might suffice? Clingfilm is anyway a more appropriate material for a dynamic and modern city to wrap a statue in, is it not so?'

'You are a prudent and resourceful fellow. You will commence.' The Mayor takes the microphone. 'I am pleased to announce that in place of the scheduled event Ulrich Haarburste, a local man of commendable diligence, will now wrap our statue of Jan Wellem in cling-film, a miracle substance befitting our dynamic city. Mr. Roy Orbison will now unveil the statue.'

Roy starts to pull at a rope and then stops. 'I think you should come see this, Mayor,' he says grimly.

The dignitaries look behind the curtains and find that during the night the statue of Jan Wellem has been painted with various slogans denouncing the Mayor. I whistle nonchalantly and pick a piece of lint off Jetta.

'Unglaublich,' says the Mayor. 'This is a public relations disaster waiting to happen. The statue cannot be shown in such a condition.'

'But the crowd!' says the aide. 'If nothing is to be wrapped today they will tear us limb from limb.'

'Then logically some substitute will have to be wrapped but I cannot think what.'

'If I might make a suggestion,' I offer. 'It strikes me that we do not just have one landmark here today but also another - a pop cultural landmark.' I bow to Roy.

'That is so. You will wrap Roy Orbison in clingfilm at once.'

'If Roy does not object?'

'I do not object,' says Roy. 'Begin.'

The Mayor explains to the crowd that this bold experiment will put us at the forefront of conceptual art. There are interested mutters. My mouth is dry as I take out my clingfilm and begin to wrap Roy Orbison in it.

I wrap more carefully than ever before. Not merely personal gratification but civic pride is at stake. The sunlight glints on the translucent triumph of science. The faint rasp as I unspool it sends delirious brightly coloured butterflies flocking through my stomach. I am like a tailor of the elves bedecking him in a shimmering suit of some magical material. Soon, Roy Orbison stands before all of Dusseldorf wrapped up in clingfilm. Silent white light floods my whole being and I become one with the universe.

'Fellow burghers!' I cry. 'Behold! Roy Orbison is completely wrapped in cling-film!'

The crowd cheers ecstatically. It is a moment of supreme triumph. I know how Alexander and Napoleon must have felt. I have conquered all. The whole world kneels before me. It is my will alone that has wrought this. I, Ulrich Haarburste, am the king of kings. I am one with the godhead. Booming triumphant laughter wells up out of me and reverberates mightily about the square.

Suddenly the artist Christo appears flanked by policemen and points at me.

'That is the man! That is the one who seized me roughly and locked me in a cupboard.'

'That is also the man I found loitering in the square last night with a pot of paint,' says a policeman.

'This is very bad for you, you scoundrel,' says the Mayor.

'Uh-oh,' I say to Jetta. 'It is all going wrong.'

The crowd turns ugly. They storm the podium with various cries.

'Seize him.'

'Disarrange his clothing.'

'Take away his terrapin.'

'Confiscate his cling-film.'

'Banish him to a distant province.'

I am manhandled roughly. I seek to explain myself but they will not listen. Roy is knocked off the podium and rolls around helplessly in his silvery straitjacket. My palms sweat. I wish to wake up...

 

*

 

I awake from my reverie and find myself back sitting in front of the television with Jetta. None of it happened after all but I have perhaps learned a lesson.

'Yes, Jetta, perhaps you are right. One should be careful which dreams one seeks to make real...'

And I switch off the television and we make off to bed.

But where does reality end and dream begin...

Who can tell?


s time I am at the health-spa having my cuticles attended to and procuring a pedicure for Jetta.

'Also,' says the garrulous beautician as she works. 'You will never guess. We are favoured by a visit from celebrity today.'

'Unglaublich,' I say without much interest. 'Some dreary town councillor or rising star of the banking industry, no doubt,' I say with a wink at Jetta.

'No, no,' says the busybody as she plies her trade, 'This is a big American rock star who wears iconic black clothing and trademark dark glasses. His name is Roy...Orbital? Orbheissen? Rasmussen? Something of that nature.'

It takes a second or two for the penny to drop. 'Black clothes and dark glasses you say. I implore you to think carefully. Could the man's name conceivably be Roy Orbison? This is a matter of extreme urgency to me.'

'Yes! That was it exactly! Fancy, he is in the next room waiting for me to give him a sea-weed wrap.'

I rise from the chair. 'I find I have to go out for a moment. You will please remain here and attend to Jetta. I have decided you will give her a shell-wax. I will be locking the door after I leave to ensure your compliance.'

'So.'

'So.'

I adjourn smartly to the next cubicle. Roy Orbison is lying on a massage table naked save for a strategically-placed towel. Some soothing unguent has been applied to his face and slices of cucumber have been placed over his trademark dark glasses.

'Good day,' I say. 'Are you relaxed.'

'I am highly relaxed but expect to be more so following my seaweed wrap,' says Roy.

'Regrettably I find we have run out of seaweed following a maritime disaster in which various contaminants were released destroying the world supply of sargasso for generations to come,' I say smoothly. 'Instead I urge you to try our new cling-film wrap. The health-giving properties of this miracle substance cannot be overstated.'

'Cling-film?' Roy cannot see me but tries to peer round the cucumber slices occluding his glasses. 'Don't I know your voice?'

'I am an eminent doctor and am to be trusted implicitly.'

'Ah,' says Roy. 'Then you may commence.'

'Speaking as a doctor, that is a wise decision.'

I start from the feet and work my way up. It is strange for him to be naked as I wrap him but I suppose it would be too suspicious were I to ask him to put his trademark black clothes back on. I am like an Egyptian priest enshrouding his Pharaoh. Soon, Roy Orbison is wrapped up in Clingfilm. I let out a soft mew of content and mutely acknowledge that all things work for the best in this world.

'You are completely wrapped in cling-film,' I tell him. 'To get the full benefits you must remain so for several hours or until someone comes and finds us. To keep you company I will stay in the room and breathe heavily.'

'That is kind of you.'

There follows several hours of almost unbearable bliss. Presently a masseuse comes and looks at us quizzically.

'We are closing now. Have you seen Frieda?'

'Yes, I locked her in the room next door.'

'Ah. Why is that man in clingfilm?'

'Medical reasons.'

'So.'

I permit the woman to unwrap Roy as it is not in my nature to do so.

'You know,' I say, 'If you were to remain wrapped in cling-film forever I estimate it could extend your lifespan by a thousand years.'

'I will bear that in mind,' says Roy.

And it wouldn't do my health any harm either, I almost add!




It begins innocently enough in the pet-shop. I am seeking worms for Jetta.

'Hello there,' says a vaulting tenor voice behind me. 'We meet again.'

I turn and take in the black clothes and trademark dark glasses. I bow and smile. 'Mr. Roy Orbison, I presume. What brings you to our little emporium?'

'I was passing through town on my way to a rock star conference in Essen when I decided to get some de-worming powder for my dog.'

'Ah! How ironic! Your dog has worms and my Jetta eats worms.' I decide to risk a little joke. 'Perhaps we should bring the two of them together!'

But Roy does not laugh. The eyes behind the dark shades express no mirth. 'What? What are you saying? Are you saying your terrapin should eat worms out of my dog's ass?' he snarls.

It is all going wrong. My palms sweat. I wish to die. I try to wake up.

I blush and mumble apologies. Fortunately just then a distraction arrives.

Two criminals burst in waving shotguns.

'This is a robbery!' they yell. 'You two are hostages.'

'Make them tie each other up,' says the lead robber.

'Ach! I have forgotten the rope,' says his cohort.

'I happen to have a roll of cling-film with me,' I offer diffidently. 'Perhaps that would serve?'

'It will have to. Wrap that man in black in cling-film at once or it will go badly with you.'

'Very well.' Trembling, I take out the cling-film. 'I am sorry Roy, it looks like I have no choice.'

'Do what you have to.'

I start at the feet and work my way up. I wrap him as tenderly as a mother swaddling an infant. I marvel at the play of light on the miraculous translucence. Soon, Roy Orbison is entirely wrapped in cling-film. I thank God that I was born to live this minute.

'He is completely wrapped up in cling-film,' I report.

'Good,' says the bandit. 'Now I want you to wrap the clingfilm around the two of you so that you are wrapped up with him.'

My mouth dry, I stand pressed against Roy, who is wrapped completely in clingfilm. Awkwardly, I pass the film around both of our waists several times, until we are bound together by the miracle substance. My synapses overload with joy.

'We are both wrapped in clingfilm,' I tell the robbers. 'I am not completely wrapped, however, but is there more clingfilm in my briefcase if you would care to finish the job.'

'No, that will do.'

It certainly will!

It is an hour or more before the police come to release us.

'Well,' I say to Roy Orbison, 'it was nice to meet you again.'

'I'm not a philosophical man,' says Roy thoughtfully, 'but it seems like we are bound together in some way.'

'Yes - by cling-film!' I say.

This time Roy does laugh.



In this fantasy I am driving along the Autobahn between Köln and Aachen.

A large Winnebago has pulled to the side of the road ahead. An anxious-looking man flags me down.

'This could be trouble,' I say to Jetta. 'It is certainly irregular.' Jetta says nothing. Little do I know what is in store.

'Can you help me,' says the man. 'I am Roy Orbison's tour manager.'

'Also?' I say in polite surprise. I have already read the legend 'Roy Orbison tour bus' on the side of the vehicle.

I get out of the car. 'What seems to be the problem?'

He leads me to the back of the van. 'Roy has succumbed to a heart attack and is clinically dead,' he explains, indicating a certain well-known man in black sprawled on the floor of the vehicle.

'So,' I say.

'Are you perchance a doctor?'

'No. I studied at a catering college for some years but was forced to leave for reasons I prefer not to disclose.'

'Ach! Then I am at a loss what to do.'

'There is one thing we might try,' I say with elaborate nonchalance. 'If we were to wrap him in cling-film, this would prevent corruption setting in until we can get him to a hospital.'

'It is certainly worth a try. But I have no cling-film.'

'Fortunately I have several rolls in the car.' I go to the car and retrieve it. The tour manager looks anxiously over my shoulder as I set to work. 'I must work undisturbed,' I tell him. He nods and gives me privacy.

Now it is just me and Roy Orbison and the cling-film. I start from the ankles and work up to the trademark dark glasses, wrapping slowly and carefully. Soon Roy Orbison is completely wrapped in cling-film. He is like a big black beetle wrapped in a silvery cocoon. The satisfaction is unparalleled by anything in my previous existence.

'He is completely wrapped in cling-film,' I call to the manager. 'I will accompany him as you drive to the hospital.'

Four hours later Roy Orbison sits up in bed in hospital and smiles at me.

'I hear I owe you my life,' he says. 'Please accept these concert tickets.'

I bow politely. 'There is something you perhaps should know. While you were in a coma I was forced to wrap you entirely in cling-film.'

'Quick thinking,' says Roy.

'You did not mind?'

Roy's expression is unreadable. 'I wasn't aware of it.' But was there the slightest twinkle behind those dark glasses?

Of course, I reflect as I return to the patient Jetta, there can be no question of him enjoying it, for he was dead at the time.

Or was he...???



It always starts the same way. I am in the garden airing my terrapin Jetta when he walks past my gate, that mysterious man in black.

'Hello Roy,' I say. 'What are you doing in Dusseldorf?'

'Attending to certain matters,' he replies.

'Ah,' I say.

He apprises Jetta's lines with a keen eye. 'That is a well-groomed terrapin,' he says.

'Her name is Jetta.' I say. 'Perhaps you would like to come inside?'

'Very well.' He says.

Roy Orbison walks inside my house and sits down on my couch. We talk urbanely of various issues of the day. Presently I say, 'Perhaps you would like to see my cling-film?'

'By all means.' I cannot see his eyes through his trademark dark glasses and I have no idea if he is merely being polite or if he genuinely has an interest in cling-film.

I bring it from the kitchen, all the rolls of it. 'I have a surprising amount of clingfilm,' I say with a nervous laugh. Roy merely nods.

'I estimate I must have nearly a kilometre in the kitchen alone.'

'As much as that?' He says in surprise. 'So.'

'Mind you, people do not realize how much is on each roll. I bet that with a single roll alone I could wrap you up entirely.'

Roy Orbison sits impassively like a monochrome Buddha. My palms are sweaty.

'I will take that bet,' says Roy. 'If you succeed I will give you tickets to my new concert. If you fail I will take Jetta, as a lesson to you not to speak boastfully.'

I nod. 'So then. If you will please to stand.'

Roy stands. 'Commence.'

I start at the ankles and work up. I am like a spider binding him in my gossamer web. I do it tight with several layers. Soon Roy Orbison stands before me, completely wrapped in cling-film. The pleasure is unexampled.

'You are completely wrapped in cling-film,' I say.

'You win the bet,' says Roy, muffled. 'Now unwrap me.'

'Not for several hours.'

'Ah.'

I sit and admire my handiwork for a long time. So as not to make the ordeal unpleasant for him we make small talk on topical subjects, Roy somewhat muffled. At some point I must leave him to attend to Jetta's needs. When I return I find he has hopped out of my house, still wrapped in cling-film. The loss leaves me broken and pitiful. He never calls me. He sends no tickets. The police come and reprimand me. Jetta is taken away, although I get her back after a complicated legal process.

There is only one thing that can console me. A certain dream, a certain vision...

It always starts the same way.



